welcome to jump TVs coverage of the
South American World Cup qualifiers
coming up highlights of Uruguay vs. Peru
as your game
that's the ball and clearly a good call
to striker who was in an offside
positions not interfering when that ball
was played over fallen capitalizes on
acres of space behind the Peru defense
misses Diego Lugano allows the kick to
be taken but a pushing going on
for a free game and has he given a
penalty he has
here it is at the back
so strong against boots rock
The Rifles of fire sends the key to the
wrong way home whether it's a right or
wrong decision to award the spot kick
the girl stands and Fraulein grabs his
second got a red card in his hand let's
see what's going to go on now when
somebody's obviously said something
wouldn't be surprised if it's good a
doubt has come back from all easy
conversion because forlán has the
technical skill that just hesitate a
little bit see what suede boots Oilers
going and then slap it the other way
looks like they're down to ten men it is
Guerrero who's continued his photo
stations
shuffling it's deflected he was out of
position
pause behind him that's crossed the line
when Diego forlán really is
johnny-on-the-spot here's where it
starts Dave watch the deflection now
once they go for a laugh he starts his
run beats the defender to the ball
Bouchard gets a hand on it but can't
keep it out
that's the hunger and anticipation of
Diego forlán Oh tremendous header
Gatti's goes forth
once she's run that's the perfect head
of to the far post fallen
three girls already head over to blend
out he's in for the girls go second and
his second is your eyes fifth there's
way no or I thought was for lambis the
gavel who flipped the ball off to the
top space behind George go number six
has been school the route is complete
and Sebastian Bale has gone he's gone
I'm blue top of the box the fender on
it's a blast
nods it down into the path of the left
foot and then cranks it on goal I wanted
to go fast
it's gotta be at the mercy rule newest
Arkenstone
Uruguay with an unbelievable performance
for these teams next light matches plus
highlight and reruns visit qualifiers
dodge up tv.com